---- USER STORY #2----
#2 As a user, I can save and upload shapes
  a) Description:
       A user can save their own shapes and upload them for all users to see publicly.
       A user can see other users shapes that have been uploaded
       Adminstrators must approve or reject uploaded shaped before they are uploaded.
  b) Tasks:
       As a user, I can upload my own shapes and view other users shapes.
       As a adminstrator, I can review shapes thare are pending for review and approve or reject them.
  c) Tests:
       Verify that a user can upload shapes online.
       Verify that a user can view other users shapes.
       Verify that uploaded shapes are put in pending for adminstrators to approve or reject.
       Verify that adminstrators can approve or reject user submitted shapes.
       Verify that users are notified if there shape has been reject or approved.
       Verify that only approved shapes are shown to oter users.
  d) Assignee:
       Me and Basel will work on the front end and set up the structure for what the users will be able to do.
       Bryson and Nick will work on the adminstrator permissions and the structure for how the approving system is.
       Everyone else will work on the back end logic, operations, back end code, etc.
  e) Estimation: 30
  f) Priority: 5
  g) Done:
       A user is able to upload their own created shapes for others to view as well as view other
       users created shapes.
       A adminstrator is able to approve or reject all pending for upload shapes before are posted.
       A user is notified if their shape has been approved or rejected.
       Only approved shapes are available for others to view.



#6 As an administrator, I can add and remove shapes.
  a) Description:
      As an administrator, I should be able to add shapes
      As an administrator, I should be able to remove shapes
  b) Tasks:
      Administrators should have access to all the shapes
      Administrators should be able to add new shapes
      Administrators should be able to delete shapes
  c) Tests:
      verify that the administrators have access to the shapes.
      verify that the user does not have access to the shapes.
      verify that any change is saved.
      verify that any change is displayed.
  d) Assignee:
       ???
  e) Estimation: ??
  f) Priority: ??
  g) Done:
      Administrators are the only ones that can access the shapes
      and any change is saved and displayed.
